Not many people remain. The family I knew are dead. Since I was born, I have felt nothing but contempt for living. Every building is in ruin. The roads are pooled with rotting corpses, blood, and rubbish.  The only organic life you can find are gigantic rats that are too fast to catch, and other humans who are on the verge of death. Anyone who is too weak to defend themselves and are caught outside are usually eaten. The ‘strong’ don’t look like they have any mass to them, they are only slightly stronger than the weak. Anything that can be eaten, has already been eaten. Anything that can be drank, has already been drank. Those who can physically and mentally bring themselves to walk drift from city to city, trying to find anything edible. Those who cannot, either give up on the streets, or most likely kill themselves. Everyone I know has fallen victim to suicide. Suicide is the most common way for people to die. I was born by mistake. I don’t know how my parents found each other, or how they even found the energy to procreate, but here I am. I don’t know how I was carried in my mother’s womb and supported until I could act independently. Despite what has happened to this world, you can’t eliminate instincts it seems. As soon as I was able to scavenge on my own, is when I never saw my mother again. I remember seeing her corpse. I don’t remember feeling sad. I just remember feeling hopelessness. I knew this was going to happen eventually. The only person I’ve loved is now gone. I will never have someone to care for me again.

I am 16 now. I feel like I’ve been alive for far longer than I should have been. I outlived my own mother.  I remember what made me kill myself in the end. I travelled to a new place. It was completely looted. Normally I can find at least one half rotten corpse, or one defenceless person, but there was nothing. The wildlife was too fast. The buildings were empty. My stomach was growling. But. I did find something. A young woman gorging on something. She was facing a wall, her back turned to me. She was eating something. A lot of something too. She was in the perfect position for me to attack her. She was completely defenceless, completely naïve. I sneaked up to her… Very slowly. The closer I got, the more I salivated. I could hear the woman snack on her banquet, and I could feast on her when I’m finished with her meal too. As I stand next to her, I look over her shoulders to see what she’s eating. It’s a baby. I notice the young woman is crying as she eats. But her face is twisted and primal. This baby belongs to her. You couldn’t see the babies face anymore. I’ve seen what a pre-disaster human couldn’t even have imagined by the time I was 9. The horrors I’ve seen can’t be transcribed. I’ve seen dead children. I’ve seen dead babies. I’ve killed both and eaten both. But this was not the same. I saw my own mother in this woman. I saw myself in that baby. This could have been us. I felt such anger towards the woman, and such empathy for the baby. I’ve never felt these emotions before. I only remember feeling helpless. The only emotion I’ve ever known. But why didn’t that stop me. Why did I then kill the mother. Why did I finish eating the baby. Why did I eat the mother. When my starvation was sated, I looked at the eaten corpses I left behind. This was the lowest I’ve sunk and have felt. I don’t want to continue living in such a hopeless world where nothing awaits for me. 

Whoever finds my corpse

Will feast great

For my collapsed body, much like my own mothers

Lies ready to be taken
